that's just the beginning after i
upgraded a kineceleran drive unit I got
more than fifty percent increase in
power yep I bet this baby could give any
car on the road and run for its money
and yet it can't get us to the amusement
pier before i'm bored to tears I don't
remember inviting you along if you don't
like the company you can always just
slap that watch of yours and fly lose or
whatever wherever you want I'm not
stopping it's kind of funny younger
people may not realize this but
sometimes there's a bit of crossover
between what school with them and what
school with the older crowd you still
into animation games and comic books
take for example Naruto I've seen the
headbands on children probably not even
into their teams yet while at the same
time I know quite a few people in their
20s we they're currently watch or have
seen quite a bit of it even for the non
anime stuff shows like Batman and even
Teen Titans head to share of older fans
as well and then there's Benton
amusingly enough I don't even know a
single person who has any damn clue what
Ben 10 actually is which includes me as
well so why am I reviewing this game
well I was reading a magazine that was
talking about a high selling games the
normal people who follow the gaming
industry aren't really aware of the
games that rival the halos and Madden's
and grand theft autos and sales that are
while definitely not those games I'm
talking even beyond the wii sports
phenomenon to even though I'm still
amazed that anyone ever gave more than a
monkey's middle nut about carnival games
apparently the first bunton game
protector of Earth was a top seller that
exceeded just about everyone's
expectations is the enthusiast and
curious asshole that I am I just had to
know what was off while this is actually
the sequel i'm reviewing from what I've
heard they're practically the same game
anyway so here is my reaction ten
minutes in and what an inoffensive beat
him up I guess it's kind of cool i like
to beat him ups when i was a kid and if
i were into this show I suppose I
tolerate it to hopefully I'd be playing
with
and and now here's my reaction to ours
in what in the crumbling dill pickle is
wrong with kids these days and why in
the cock douche am I still playing this
Hellion spawn let me state this simply
video game rentals appreciate them use
them and enjoy them that's what I did
not completely innocent I gave those
crappy a fit and 16-bit spider-man and
x-men and batman games a try way back
one as well they sucked ass my parents
were out for underappreciated box and
that was that we all moved on with our
lives trying to call this gaming one
beat them up with your friends is no
viable excuse I think I played that
second level fighting the same useless
fuck with enemies using the same water
down uninspired shittastic combos for
almost two hours to unholy succubus
fisting hours this shit is like the data
design version of Ninja Gaiden there is
absolutely no skill involved and it is
boring is hella the game makes a few
attempts it's switching up the gameplay
with a few selectable characters that
you can jump between but it doesn't even
come close to being any sort of
redemption ben 10 alien force got me
thinking what was really the difference
between this and the old arcade greats
like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Simpsons streets of rage or final fight
what is it that made those games
superior I've pretty much come up with a
list great art for the characters
memorable music that i can still hum and
recognize today a wide variety of
enemies that aren't too overly spammed
levels that can be completed within the
extent of my attention span kick-ass
bosses and all in all just a great
atmosphere providing an entertaining
experience i can kind of understand this
game it's like a poor man's lego star
wars it's so forgiving that you can't
actually lose the cutscenes and
storyline are at least on par with the
standard American
heart to you can still play with a
friend and yelled the screen together
it's so dull that it's in offensive to a
younger person with no taste yeah that's
about it I could easily be apologetic
not risk offending my audience and just
claim that this game is good for a
younger crowd but really no ben 10 is
like a horse stanky ass useless smelly
possibly contaminated and no good I mean
no disrespect to the show where the
characters are the storyline as I've
never seen it nor do I plan to but as
far as this video game goes it's really
bad there's really nothing to it and
it's miles away from being any sort of
hidden gem i give ben 10 alien force for
the nintendo wii a two out of 10